c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\LogAPI.dll
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\LogAPI.pdb
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\log4net.dll
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\Microsoft.ServiceBus.dll
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\MonAgentListener.dll
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\log4net.xml
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\Microsoft.ServiceBus.xml
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.xml
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\obj\Debug\LogAPI.dll
c:\users\vatthanachai\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\obj\Debug\LogAPI.pdb
C:\Users\Vatthanachai\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\BusServices\LogAPI\obj\Debug\LogAPI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
